hey guys what's up Simon today gonna
meet Dead Island she'll die for you
today and she managed to taste
everything to get Stephen to get 10
kills with tentacle melee attack weapons
and here's a list of all the weapons axe
baseball bat man brass knuckles cleaver
crowbar degraded baseball bat double
blade electric machete hammer katana
knife Logan's throw nice mace machete
male pipe monkey wrench nail craft
paddle ripple sickle sledge hammer
sliced and buy it makes it all better
spiked wooden bat and stick sticky bomb
tanto atone for wooden batter and a
wrench got some clips with me getting
kills of someone different types of me
label things I didn't get all ten
because I like missed some of them out
because I weren't recording but I got a
handful we'll go about six or seven I'm
not too sure so yeah this is uh nothing
much but just some clips of me getting
different killer different rent
different touch weapons
type different apps and melee weapons in
fact and just watch video and at the end
of cheap a lot taste to everything so
yeah guys that's the statue and more
will coming in with all this weekend so
you subscribe more like a video and
peace
you